Don't let the Shijia Army arrive
Chen Shuyu, let go of Shi Jiajun
You have no way out
Do not come
Go and I'll kill him
Don't get excited
If you have anything to say, please say it well.
Keep your people still
otherwise
Let your daughter be buried with you
Y'all stay put.
I promise you.
The Shi Army will not move
In this way, I will exchange it with my daughter.
I'll be your understanding.
Catch the thief first
Don't you understand this truth?
Humph
In exchange for
But am I stupid?
Then you say your conditions
My terms
To abdicate Cheng Jiarong
Zhao Gao Tianxia
Emperor of the new emperor of the country
It's me Yang Shuyu
And open the door to the platinum sky
Let the troops of my Happy Army attack
To force me to rebel
Humph
Fish and bear's paw
Can't have both
Shi Yu
It's your turn to choose
Over 10 years ago
You tortured and bullied your own daughter
More than 10 years later
You let your daughter
Braided legs get bullied
Now it's in my hands again and it's tortured
Do you want your daughter to die in front of you?
Hahahaha
You don't have much time left.
five